THE BOYS WANNA BE HER
THE GIRLS WANNA BE HER
SO DO YOU ♪
THE BOYS WANNA BE HER
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
SO DO YOU ♪
SAMANTHA: WELCOME TO "FULL
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
FRONTAL," I'M SAMANTHA BEE.
SAMANTHA: WELCOME TO "FULL
WHO'S TERRIFIED?
FRONTAL," I'M SAMANTHA BEE.
I AM!
WHO'S TERRIFIED?
>> AT LEAST SIX EXPLOSIVE
I AM!
DEVICES WERE SENT BY MAIL TO
>> AT LEAST SIX EXPLOSIVE
POLITICAL FIGURES UP AND DOWN
DEVICES WERE SENT BY MAIL TO
THE EAST COAST.
POLITICAL FIGURES UP AND DOWN
ANOTHER DEVICE WAS FOUND IN
THE EAST COAST.
CNN'S MAILROOM IN THE TIME
ANOTHER DEVICE WAS FOUND IN
WARNER BUILDING IN NEW YORK CITY
CNN'S MAILROOM IN THE TIME
THAT CAUSED A MASSIVE
WARNER BUILDING IN NEW YORK CITY
EVACUATION.
THAT CAUSED A MASSIVE
FORTUNATELY, NO ONE HAS BEEN
EVACUATION.
HURT IN THE SPREE OF ATTEMPTED
FORTUNATELY, NO ONE HAS BEEN
ATTACKS.
HURT IN THE SPREE OF ATTEMPTED
SAMANTHA: WE'RE SO GLAD THAT
ATTACKS.
EVERYONE WHO RECEIVED AN
SAMANTHA: WE'RE SO GLAD THAT
EXPLOSIVE DEVICE TODAY IS SAFE.
EVERYONE WHO RECEIVED AN
SHOUT OUT TO CNN'S WOLF BLITZER
EXPLOSIVE DEVICE TODAY IS SAFE.
WHO LET ALL HIS EVACUATED
SHOUT OUT TO CNN'S WOLF BLITZER
COLLEAGUES HUDDLE IN HIS BEARD
WHO LET ALL HIS EVACUATED
FOR WARMTH.
COLLEAGUES HUDDLE IN HIS BEARD
FOX NEWS TRIED TO DO A
FOR WARMTH.
JOURNALISM, SENDING OUT A NEWS
FOX NEWS TRIED TO DO A
ALERT CLAIMING THAT THE
JOURNALISM, SENDING OUT A NEWS
SUSPICIOUS PACKAGE CONTAINED
ALERT CLAIMING THAT THE
SOME KIND OF WHITE POWER.
SUSPICIOUS PACKAGE CONTAINED
YOU KNOW, I DON'T MEAN TO BE
SOME KIND OF WHITE POWER.
CRITICAL RIGHT NOW, BUT AUTO
YOU KNOW, I DON'T MEAN TO BE
CORRECT DOESN'T CHANGE "WHITE
CRITICAL RIGHT NOW, BUT AUTO
POWDER" TO "WHITE POWER" UNLESS
CORRECT DOESN'T CHANGE "WHITE
YOU TYPE "WHITE POWER" A LOT.
POWDER" TO "WHITE POWER" UNLESS
IN THE IMMEDIATE AFTERMATH, EVEN
YOU TYPE "WHITE POWER" A LOT.
DONALD TRUMP STRUCK A SEMI
IN THE IMMEDIATE AFTERMATH, EVEN
RESPONSIBLE TONE.
DONALD TRUMP STRUCK A SEMI
PRESIDENT TRUMP: WE HAVE TO
RESPONSIBLE TONE.
UNIFY.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: WE HAVE TO
WE HAVE TO COME TOGETHER AND
UNIFY.
SEND ONE VERY CLEAR, STRONG,
WE HAVE TO COME TOGETHER AND
UNMISTAKABLE MESSAGE, THAT ACTS
SEND ONE VERY CLEAR, STRONG,
OR THREATS OF POLITICAL VIOLENCE
UNMISTAKABLE MESSAGE, THAT ACTS
OF ANY KIND HAVE NO PLACE IN THE
OR THREATS OF POLITICAL VIOLENCE
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA.
OF ANY KIND HAVE NO PLACE IN THE
SAMANTHA: OH, IT'S NICE THAT
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA.
TRUMP BRIEFLY TRIED TO BE THE
SAMANTHA: OH, IT'S NICE THAT
PRESIDENT TODAY.
TRUMP BRIEFLY TRIED TO BE THE
I MEAN, JUST SO YOU KNOW, I'M
PRESIDENT TODAY.
TAPING THIS AT 6:00 P.M. SO IF
I MEAN, JUST SO YOU KNOW, I'M
HE SAID HILLARY IS IN ISIS AT
TAPING THIS AT 6:00 P.M. SO IF
6:01, IT HASN'T HAPPENED YET.
HE SAID HILLARY IS IN ISIS AT
IT'S RARE TO HEAR SOMEONE ON THE
6:01, IT HASN'T HAPPENED YET.
RIGHT TALKING ABOUT THEIR
IT'S RARE TO HEAR SOMEONE ON THE
FAVORITE ADVERSARIES LIKE
RIGHT TALKING ABOUT THEIR
THEY'RE PEOPLE INSTEAD OF LIKE
FAVORITE ADVERSARIES LIKE
THIS.
THEY'RE PEOPLE INSTEAD OF LIKE
PRESIDENT TRUMP: STOP THE
THIS.
RADICAL DEMOCRAT MOB!
PRESIDENT TRUMP: STOP THE
>> THIS WHOLE TWO-WEEK EFFORT
RADICAL DEMOCRAT MOB!
HAS BEEN A CALCULATED AND
>> THIS WHOLE TWO-WEEK EFFORT
ORCHESTRATED POLITICAL HIT.
HAS BEEN A CALCULATED AND
REVENGE ON BEHALF OF THE
ORCHESTRATED POLITICAL HIT.
CLINTONS.
REVENGE ON BEHALF OF THE
PRESIDENT TRUMP: PRESIDENT
CLINTONS.
OBAMA.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: PRESIDENT
HE IS THE FOUNDER OF ISIS.
OBAMA.
>> I CAN'T HELP BUT THINK THAT
HE IS THE FOUNDER OF ISIS.
THE DEMOCRATS, PERHAPS SOROS,
>> I CAN'T HELP BUT THINK THAT
OTHERS, MAY BE FUNDING THIS.
THE DEMOCRATS, PERHAPS SOROS,
>> ONE OF THE WOMEN WHO WAS
OTHERS, MAY BE FUNDING THIS.
SCREAMING AT HIM TURNS OUT IS A
>> ONE OF THE WOMEN WHO WAS
PROFESSIONAL ACTIVIST ON THE
SCREAMING AT HIM TURNS OUT IS A
PAYROLL OF BILLIONAIRE GEORGE
PROFESSIONAL ACTIVIST ON THE
SOROS.
PAYROLL OF BILLIONAIRE GEORGE
PRESIDENT TRUMP: I CALL THE FAKE
SOROS.
NEWS THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE AND
PRESIDENT TRUMP: I CALL THE FAKE
THEY ARE.
NEWS THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE AND
THEY ARE THE ENEMY OF THE
THEY ARE.
PEOPLE.
THEY ARE THE ENEMY OF THE
SAMANTHA: I'M NOT GOING TO
PEOPLE.
SPECULATE ABOUT WHAT THE MOTIVE
SAMANTHA: I'M NOT GOING TO
WAS FOR THOSE ATTEMPTED
SPECULATE ABOUT WHAT THE MOTIVE
BOMBINGS, ESPECIALLY BECAUSE I'M
WAS FOR THOSE ATTEMPTED
REALLY SUPER BAD AT PREDICTING
BOMBINGS, ESPECIALLY BECAUSE I'M
THINGS.
REALLY SUPER BAD AT PREDICTING
I SHOULD NEVER HAVE MADE MY
THINGS.
CHILD'S MIDDLE NAME "BILL COSBY
I SHOULD NEVER HAVE MADE MY
IS INNOCENT."
CHILD'S MIDDLE NAME "BILL COSBY
IT WAS MY GRANDFATHER'S MIDDLE
IS INNOCENT."
NAME.
IT WAS MY GRANDFATHER'S MIDDLE
AND I DEFINITELY SHOULD NOT HAVE
NAME.
AGREED TO CO-HOST A HALLOWEEN
AND I DEFINITELY SHOULD NOT HAVE
PARTY WITH MEGYN KELLY.
AGREED TO CO-HOST A HALLOWEEN
I'M JUST SAYING IT WOULD BE
PARTY WITH MEGYN KELLY.
GREAT IF THE PRESIDENT AND HIS
I'M JUST SAYING IT WOULD BE
CRONIES TALKED ABOUT DEMOCRATS
GREAT IF THE PRESIDENT AND HIS
AND THE PRESS WITH A SHRED OF
CRONIES TALKED ABOUT DEMOCRATS
HUMANITY, EVEN ON DAYS WHEN
AND THE PRESS WITH A SHRED OF
THEIR LIVES WEREN'T THREATENED.
HUMANITY, EVEN ON DAYS WHEN
AS MUCH AS I WANT TO FLEE TO THE
THEIR LIVES WEREN'T THREATENED.
BOTTOM OF THE OCEAN ON DAYS LIKE
AS MUCH AS I WANT TO FLEE TO THE
THIS, THERE ARE STILL PEOPLE
BOTTOM OF THE OCEAN ON DAYS LIKE
DESPERATE TO REACH THIS COUNTRY.
THIS, THERE ARE STILL PEOPLE
7,000 OF THEM ARE CURRENTLY ON
DESPERATE TO REACH THIS COUNTRY.
THE WORLD'S WORST ROAD TRIP.
7,000 OF THEM ARE CURRENTLY ON
>> A CARAVAN OF HONDURAN
THE WORLD'S WORST ROAD TRIP.
MIGRANTS IS MAKING ITS WAY
>> A CARAVAN OF HONDURAN
THROUGH SOUTHERN MEXICO
MIGRANTS IS MAKING ITS WAY
DETERMINED TO ENTER THE UNITED
THROUGH SOUTHERN MEXICO
STATES.
DETERMINED TO ENTER THE UNITED
THE MIGRANTS SAY THEY'RE FLEEING
STATES.
VIOLENCE, POVERTY AND
THE MIGRANTS SAY THEY'RE FLEEING
CORRUPTION.
VIOLENCE, POVERTY AND
PRESIDENT TRUMP: I'LL SEAL OFF
CORRUPTION.
THE BORDER BEFORE THEY ENTER
PRESIDENT TRUMP: I'LL SEAL OFF
THIS COUNTRY AND I'LL BRING OUT
THE BORDER BEFORE THEY ENTER
OUR MILITARY.
THIS COUNTRY AND I'LL BRING OUT
NOT OUR RESERVES, I WILL BRING
OUR MILITARY.
OUT OUR MILITARY.
NOT OUR RESERVES, I WILL BRING
SAMANTHA: I WILL BRING OUT OUR
OUT OUR MILITARY.
MILITARY, THE GOOD ONE, NOT THE
SAMANTHA: I WILL BRING OUT OUR
WEEKEND ONE SEAN SPICER IS IN.
MILITARY, THE GOOD ONE, NOT THE
HEY, REPUBLICANS, YOUR BOYS
WEEKEND ONE SEAN SPICER IS IN.
-- BOY JUST ACTUALLY INSULTED
HEY, REPUBLICANS, YOUR BOYS
THE TROOPS.
-- BOY JUST ACTUALLY INSULTED
YOU GUYS HATE THAT, RIGHT?
THE TROOPS.
THIS IS A GENUINE HUMANITARIAN
YOU GUYS HATE THAT, RIGHT?
CRISIS.
THIS IS A GENUINE HUMANITARIAN
TO FOX NEWS, HOWEVER, IT
CRISIS.
PRESENTED A DIFFERENT CRISIS --
TO FOX NEWS, HOWEVER, IT
HOW TO CONCEAL THEIR MASSIVE
PRESENTED A DIFFERENT CRISIS --
ELECTION BONERS.
HOW TO CONCEAL THEIR MASSIVE
WITH THE MIDTERMS WITHIN
ELECTION BONERS.
SCREAMING DISTANCE, THE RIGHT'S
WITH THE MIDTERMS WITHIN
TYPICAL ANTI-IMMIGRANT RHETORIC
SCREAMING DISTANCE, THE RIGHT'S
HAS EXPLODED INTO FULL-ON GERARD
TYPICAL ANTI-IMMIGRANT RHETORIC
BUTLER MOVIE MODE.
HAS EXPLODED INTO FULL-ON GERARD
>> THESE INDIVIDUALS ARE NOT
BUTLER MOVIE MODE.
IMMIGRANTS.
>> THESE INDIVIDUALS ARE NOT
THESE ARE PEOPLE INVADING OUR
IMMIGRANTS.
COUNTRY.
THESE ARE PEOPLE INVADING OUR
>> THAT'S AN ARMY OF PEOPLE.
COUNTRY.
>> THEY'RE GOING TO STORM OUR
>> THAT'S AN ARMY OF PEOPLE.
BORDER.
>> THEY'RE GOING TO STORM OUR
>> I THINK THE PRESIDENT SHOULD
BORDER.
SEND IN THE MILITARY.
>> I THINK THE PRESIDENT SHOULD
>> IF THEY CARRY THEIR COUNTRY'S
SEND IN THE MILITARY.
FLAG, THAT MEANS THEY'RE COMING
>> IF THEY CARRY THEIR COUNTRY'S
TO CONQUER US.
FLAG, THAT MEANS THEY'RE COMING
SAMANTHA: AN INVADING ARMY?
TO CONQUER US.
I SEE, THIS REFUGEE'S BABY MUST
SAMANTHA: AN INVADING ARMY?
BE A TACTICAL BABY.
I SEE, THIS REFUGEE'S BABY MUST
ALSO, THAT'S NOT HOW FLAGS WORK.
BE A TACTICAL BABY.
IF IT WERE, THE MOST TERRIFYING
ALSO, THAT'S NOT HOW FLAGS WORK.
EVENT OF ALL TIME WOULD BE THE
IF IT WERE, THE MOST TERRIFYING
OLYMPIC OPENING CEREMONIES.
EVENT OF ALL TIME WOULD BE THE
THE CARAVAN STORY HAS TURNED FOX
OLYMPIC OPENING CEREMONIES.
NEWS AND THEIR SUBSIDIARY,
THE CARAVAN STORY HAS TURNED FOX
PRESIDENT TRUMP, INTO
NEWS AND THEIR SUBSIDIARY,
OVERSTIMULATED CHILDREN AND THEY
PRESIDENT TRUMP, INTO
ARE HAVING A SUGAR RUSH OF HATE.
OVERSTIMULATED CHILDREN AND THEY
>> WE DO NOT KNOW WHO'S COMING
ARE HAVING A SUGAR RUSH OF HATE.
THROUGH THAT BORDER.
>> WE DO NOT KNOW WHO'S COMING
TERRORIST, ISIS, HEZBOLLAH.
THROUGH THAT BORDER.
>> HOW MANY MAY BE POTENTIALLY
TERRORIST, ISIS, HEZBOLLAH.
ISIS?
>> HOW MANY MAY BE POTENTIALLY
>> YOU'RE GOING TO FIND MS-13.
ISIS?
YOU'LL FIND ISIS.
>> YOU'RE GOING TO FIND MS-13.
>> THEY CAUGHT OVER 100 ISIS
YOU'LL FIND ISIS.
FIGHTERS IN GUATEMALA.
>> THEY CAUGHT OVER 100 ISIS
>> WE DON'T KNOW, IT HASN'T BEEN
FIGHTERS IN GUATEMALA.
VERIFIED.
>> WE DON'T KNOW, IT HASN'T BEEN
SAMANTHA:"WE DON'T KNOW, IT
VERIFIED.
HASN'T BEEN VERIFIED" SHOULD BE
SAMANTHA:"WE DON'T KNOW, IT
FOX NEWS' MOTTO.
HASN'T BEEN VERIFIED" SHOULD BE
THAT STORY HASN'T BEEN VERIFIED
FOX NEWS' MOTTO.
BECAUSE IT'S NOT TRUE.
THAT STORY HASN'T BEEN VERIFIED
THE GUATEMALAN PRESIDENT DID
BECAUSE IT'S NOT TRUE.
MENTION ISIS IN A SPEECH BUT HE
THE GUATEMALAN PRESIDENT DID
DIDN'T SAY THEY WERE HIDING IN A
MENTION ISIS IN A SPEECH BUT HE
CARAVAN AND WE KNOW THIS BECAUSE
DIDN'T SAY THEY WERE HIDING IN A
HE SAID IT BEFORE THE CARAVAN
CARAVAN AND WE KNOW THIS BECAUSE
EXISTED.
HE SAID IT BEFORE THE CARAVAN
WHAT THE HELL KIND OF LAZY SCARE
EXISTED.
MONGERING IS IT TO CLAIM THAT
WHAT THE HELL KIND OF LAZY SCARE
ISIS AND MS-13 ARE HANGING OUT.
MONGERING IS IT TO CLAIM THAT
YOU MIGHT AS WELL CLAIM THE
ISIS AND MS-13 ARE HANGING OUT.
BABADOOK IS IN THE CARAVAN, TOO.
YOU MIGHT AS WELL CLAIM THE
HE JUST WANTS A BETTER LIFE FOR
BABADOOK IS IN THE CARAVAN, TOO.
HIMSELF AND HIS HUSBAND.
HE JUST WANTS A BETTER LIFE FOR
BY THE WAY, THE REASON THAT THE
HIMSELF AND HIS HUSBAND.
TERRIFYING CARAVAN OF DOOM
BY THE WAY, THE REASON THAT THE
FORMED WAS NOT TO CONCEAL ISIS
TERRIFYING CARAVAN OF DOOM
MEMBERS LIKE A BUNCH OF CHILDREN
FORMED WAS NOT TO CONCEAL ISIS
SNEAKING INTO A MOVIE THEATER IN
MEMBERS LIKE A BUNCH OF CHILDREN
A LARGE TRENCH COAT.
SNEAKING INTO A MOVIE THEATER IN
IT WAS SO THEY COULD PROTECT
A LARGE TRENCH COAT.
EACH OTHER FROM GANGS AND
IT WAS SO THEY COULD PROTECT
TRAFFICKERS AND APPARENTLY FOX
EACH OTHER FROM GANGS AND
NEWS.
TRAFFICKERS AND APPARENTLY FOX
>> WE HAVE BEEN HIDING IN THE
NEWS.
BUSHES WAITING TO WITNESS ONE OF
>> WE HAVE BEEN HIDING IN THE
THESE CROSSINGS.
BUSHES WAITING TO WITNESS ONE OF
THEY'RE COMING RIGHT NOW.
THESE CROSSINGS.
YOU CAN SEE.
THEY'RE COMING RIGHT NOW.
YOU CAN SEE THEY'VE COME IN,
YOU CAN SEE.
THEY HAVE A FAMILY IN A RAFT.
YOU CAN SEE THEY'VE COME IN,
WERE YOU TRYING TO CROSS INTO
THEY HAVE A FAMILY IN A RAFT.
AMERICA ILLEGALLY?
WERE YOU TRYING TO CROSS INTO
SAMANTHA: HONESTLY, A DOUGHY
AMERICA ILLEGALLY?
WHITE DUDE JUMPING OUT AND
SAMANTHA: HONESTLY, A DOUGHY
YELLING AT YOU WHEN YOU'RE
WHITE DUDE JUMPING OUT AND
MINDING YOUR OWN BUSINESS IS
YELLING AT YOU WHEN YOU'RE
GOOD PREPARATION FOR LIVING IN
MINDING YOUR OWN BUSINESS IS
AMERICA.
GOOD PREPARATION FOR LIVING IN
BUT ACCORDING TO THE RIGHT WING,
AMERICA.
THE CARAVAN CONCEALS A MORE
BUT ACCORDING TO THE RIGHT WING,
TERRIFYING MONSTER -- DEMOCRATS.
THE CARAVAN CONCEALS A MORE
PRESIDENT TRUMP: YOU KNOW HOW
TERRIFYING MONSTER -- DEMOCRATS.
THE CARAVAN STARTED?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: YOU KNOW HOW
I THINK THE DEMOCRATS HAD
THE CARAVAN STARTED?
SOMETHING TO DO WITH IT.
I THINK THE DEMOCRATS HAD
>> HOW IN THE WORLD ARE THEY
SOMETHING TO DO WITH IT.
ABLE TO WALK THAT FAR?
>> HOW IN THE WORLD ARE THEY
>> WHERE ARE THEY GETTING WATER?
ABLE TO WALK THAT FAR?
WHERE ARE THEY GETTING FOOD?
>> WHERE ARE THEY GETTING WATER?
WHO'S HANDLING THE LOGISTICS?
WHERE ARE THEY GETTING FOOD?
>> A LOT OF THEM ARE GETTING
WHO'S HANDLING THE LOGISTICS?
TRANSPORTATION AND WHEN THE
>> A LOT OF THEM ARE GETTING
CAMERAS COME, THEY HOP OUT QUICK
TRANSPORTATION AND WHEN THE
AND CONTINUE TO WALK.
CAMERAS COME, THEY HOP OUT QUICK
>> THEY JUMP INTO THE WATER INTO
AND CONTINUE TO WALK.
SO-CALLED MAKE-SHIFT RAFTS.
>> THEY JUMP INTO THE WATER INTO
HAVE YOU EVER TRIED TO MAKE A
SO-CALLED MAKE-SHIFT RAFTS.
RAFT?
HAVE YOU EVER TRIED TO MAKE A
YOU CAN'T.
RAFT?
SAMANTHA: SPOKEN LIKE A MAN WHO
YOU CAN'T.
HAS TRIED REALLY HARD TO MAKE A
SAMANTHA: SPOKEN LIKE A MAN WHO
RAFT.
HAS TRIED REALLY HARD TO MAKE A
THOUGH THIS DOES EXPLAIN THAT
RAFT.
OLD "FOX & FRIENDS" SEGMENT,
THOUGH THIS DOES EXPLAIN THAT
"RAFTS ARE STUPID AND I WOULDN'T
OLD "FOX & FRIENDS" SEGMENT,
WANT TO BUILD ONE EVEN IF I
"RAFTS ARE STUPID AND I WOULDN'T
COULD."
WANT TO BUILD ONE EVEN IF I
I'LL MAKE THIS SIMPLE, WHEN YOU
COULD."
SEE THOUSANDS OF REFUGEES
I'LL MAKE THIS SIMPLE, WHEN YOU
WALKING FOR DAYS IN 90-DEGREE
SEE THOUSANDS OF REFUGEES
HEAT, THE CORRECT RESPONSE
WALKING FOR DAYS IN 90-DEGREE
ISN'T, WHO'S FUNDING THEIR
HEAT, THE CORRECT RESPONSE
LEFT-WING WATER?, IT'S, HOLY
ISN'T, WHO'S FUNDING THEIR
SHIT, THEY'RE WALKING ALL DAY IN
LEFT-WING WATER?, IT'S, HOLY
90-DEGREE HEAT?
SHIT, THEY'RE WALKING ALL DAY IN
OBVIOUSLY THE DEMOCRATS AREN'T
90-DEGREE HEAT?
FUNDING THIS.
OBVIOUSLY THE DEMOCRATS AREN'T
IT'S STUPID TO THINK THE
FUNDING THIS.
DEMOCRATS COULD FUND SOMETHING
IT'S STUPID TO THINK THE
THIS WELL ORGANIZED AND AS FOR
DEMOCRATS COULD FUND SOMETHING
MS-13 AND OTHER CENTRAL AMERICAN
THIS WELL ORGANIZED AND AS FOR
GANGS, IF OUR PRESIDENT IS
MS-13 AND OTHER CENTRAL AMERICAN
REALLY WORRIED ABOUT THEM, HE'S
GANGS, IF OUR PRESIDENT IS
NOT ALONE.
REALLY WORRIED ABOUT THEM, HE'S
THE CARAVAN IS LITERALLY RUNNING
NOT ALONE.
AWAY FROM THEM.
THE CARAVAN IS LITERALLY RUNNING
>> I SPOKE TO ONE WOMAN WHO FLED
AWAY FROM THEM.
HONDURAS SAYING THE GANGS
>> I SPOKE TO ONE WOMAN WHO FLED
THREATENED HER 10-YEAR-OLD SON.
HONDURAS SAYING THE GANGS
>> WHY DO YOU WANT TO GET TO THE
THREATENED HER 10-YEAR-OLD SON.
UNITED STATES SO BADLY?
>> WHY DO YOU WANT TO GET TO THE
TRANSLATOR: I HAVE SUFFERED GANG
UNITED STATES SO BADLY?
VIOLENCE IN THE NEIGHBORHOODS
TRANSLATOR: I HAVE SUFFERED GANG
WHERE I LIVE AND THAT'S WHY I
VIOLENCE IN THE NEIGHBORHOODS
FLED THE COUNTRY.
WHERE I LIVE AND THAT'S WHY I
SAMANTHA:ALSO HE REALLY WANTS
FLED THE COUNTRY.
TO TRY MCRIB.
SAMANTHA:ALSO HE REALLY WANTS
AND LIKE THE MCRIB, MS-13 IS AN
TO TRY MCRIB.
AMERICAN PRODUCT.
AND LIKE THE MCRIB, MS-13 IS AN
THE GANG WAS STARTED IN
AMERICAN PRODUCT.
LOS ANGELES AMONG SALVADORAN
THE GANG WAS STARTED IN
IMMIGRANTS WORSENED THANKS TO
LOS ANGELES AMONG SALVADORAN
MASS INCARCERATION AND HARDENED
IMMIGRANTS WORSENED THANKS TO
WHEN THOUSANDS OF GANG MEMBERS
MASS INCARCERATION AND HARDENED
WERE DEPORTED BACK TO
WHEN THOUSANDS OF GANG MEMBERS
EL SALVADOR WHICH HAD BEEN
WERE DEPORTED BACK TO
DEVASTATED BY CIVIL WAR.
EL SALVADOR WHICH HAD BEEN
THE CIVIL WAR WAS ALSO WORSENED
DEVASTATED BY CIVIL WAR.
BY THE U.S. BACKING OF THE
THE CIVIL WAR WAS ALSO WORSENED
SALVADORAN GOVERNMENT DURING THE
BY THE U.S. BACKING OF THE
CARTER AND REAGAN
SALVADORAN GOVERNMENT DURING THE
ADMINISTRATIONS.
CARTER AND REAGAN
WE MADE MS-13.
ADMINISTRATIONS.
GOOD JOB, AMERICA.
WE MADE MS-13.
WE COULDN'T MAKE A RAFT BUT WE
GOOD JOB, AMERICA.
MADE MS-13.
WE COULDN'T MAKE A RAFT BUT WE
LOOK, I DON'T OFTEN GIVE YOU
MADE MS-13.
GUYS ADVICE.
LOOK, I DON'T OFTEN GIVE YOU
BUT HERE'S A FREEBIE.
GUYS ADVICE.
AT SOME POINT, YOUR BASE WILL
BUT HERE'S A FREEBIE.
GET EMBARRASSED THAT THE PARTY
AT SOME POINT, YOUR BASE WILL
OF TOUGH GUYS WETS ITS PANTS
GET EMBARRASSED THAT THE PARTY
WITH TERROR OVER EVERY BROWN
OF TOUGH GUYS WETS ITS PANTS
BABY AND I THINK THAT POINT IS
WITH TERROR OVER EVERY BROWN
THIS.
BABY AND I THINK THAT POINT IS
>> HAVE YOU EVER TRIED TO MAKE A
THIS.
RAFT?
>> HAVE YOU EVER TRIED TO MAKE A
YOU CAN'T!
RAFT?
SAMANTHA: WE'LL BE RIGHT BACK.
SAMANTHA: WELCOME BACK TO THE
SHOW.
THIS WEEK DONALD TRUMP DID
SOMETHING REALLY DISGUSTING EVEN
FOR HIM.
HE TOUCHED TED CRUZ.
TED WAS SO GRATEFUL, HE OOZED
HIS THANK YOU MUCOUS BUT THIS
WAS EVEN MORE DISGUSTING.
>> THE TRUMP ADMINISTRATION
REPORTEDLY IS TAKING STEPS TO
REMOVE ALL LEGAL PROTECTION FOR
TRANSGENDER AMERICANS.
THE "NEW YORK TIMES" SAYS THE
DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN
SERVICES IS WORKING TO CREATE A
LEGAL DEFINITION OF SEX THAT
WOULD, QUOTE, "DEFINE SEX AS
EITHER MALE OR FEMALE,
UNCHANGEABLE, AND DETERMINED BY
THE GENITALS THAT A PERSON IS
BORN WITH."
SAMANTHA: IT'S REALLY SOMETHING
THAT THIS DUMPO HAS THE GALL TO
TELL TRANSGENDER AND
NONCONFORMING PEOPLE THAT THEIR
GENDER IS NOT AUTHENTIC.
HE DOESN'T EVEN HAVE A TRUE
SELF.
DEEP DOWN, HE'S JUST A FLESH
SACK OF COINS, GUNK AND PORN
DVD'S.
IF HE EVER DID ACTUAL SELF
REFLECTION, HE WOULD
DISINTEGRATE INTO A PILE OF DRY,
DUSTY CUM.
I DON'T KNOW WHY IT'S SO HARD
FOR REPUBLICANS TO UNDERSTAND
THAT GENDER AND SEX ARE TWO
DIFFERENT THINGS.
GENDER IDENTITY IS A PERSON'S
INTERNAL SENSE OF BEING A MAN, A
WOMAN, A COMBINATION OF BOTH OR
NEITHER.
SEX IS THAT SLOSHY THING YOUR
WIFE HATES DOING WITH YOU AND
WHILE WE'RE AT IT, QUOTE/UNQUOTE
BIOLOGICAL SEX IS DETERMINED BY
A DOCTOR TAKING A GLANCE AT A
BABY'S HOO-HA FOR ONE SECOND,
WHICH MEANS TRUMP THINKS THE
BEST POSSIBLE SYSTEM IS THIS
[BEEP] GUY INSPECTING BABY
GENITALS.
FOR SOMEONE WHO HASN'T SEEN HIS
OWN JUNK IN YEARS, TRUMP SURE
SEEMS OBSESSED WITH EVERYONE
ELSE'S.
ACTUALLY, LET'S GET REAL.
MIKE PENCE IS OBSESSED WITH
EVERYONE ELSE'S JUNK.
DONALD TRUMP BARELY KNOWS ENOUGH
ABOUT TRANSGENDER PEOPLE TO HATE
THEM.
>> MEASURES THAT HELP
TRANSGENDER AMERICANS, ARE YOU
GIVING UP ON THAT?
PRESIDENT TRUMP: WE'RE LOOKING
AT IT.
WE HAVE A LOT OF DIFFERENT --
CONCEPTS RIGHT NOW.
THEY HAVE A LOT OF DIFFERENT
THINGS HAPPENING WITH RESPECT TO
TRANSGENDER RIGHT NOW.
YOU KNOW THAT AS WELL AS I DO.
WE'RE LOOKING AT IT VERY
SERIOUSLY.
SAMANTHA: "WE'RE LOOKING AT IT
VERY SERIOUSLY" IS WHAT TRUMP
SAYS WHEN HE DOESN'T KNOW WHAT
THE [BEEP] YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT.
TRANSGENDER IS AN ADJECTIVE, NOT
A NOUN.
"WITH RESPECT TO TRANSGENDER
RIGHT NOW" IS STRAIGHT-UP
NONSENSE.
IF YOU'RE GOING TO DESTROY
PEOPLE'S LIVES, AT LEAST BOTHER
TO LEARN THE WORD.
THE THING IS, BAD SANTA ACTUALLY
DID PROMISE TO PROTECT
TRANS-AMERICANS.
PRESIDENT TRUMP: I WILL DO
EVERYTHING IN MY POWER TO
PROTECT OUR LGBTQ CITIZENS.
SAMANTHA: HE DIDN'T REALLY MEAN
THAT, HUH?
WHAT GAVE IT AWAY, THAT HE SAID
L-G-B-T-Q LIKE A 3-YEAR-OLD
SPELLING HIS NAME FOR THE FIRST
TIME?
OR MAYBE IT WAS HOW HIS
ADMINISTRATION STARTED CHIPPING
AWAY AT TRANS RIGHTS THE LITERAL
MOMENT THEY GOT INTO OFFICE.
>> THE TRUMP ADMINISTRATION
ENDED FEDERAL PROTECTION FOR
TRANSGENDER STUDENTS THAT
ALLOWED THEM TO USE SCHOOL
BATHROOMS MATCHING THEIR GENDER
IDENTITIES.
>> THE UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT
WILL NOT ACCEPT OR ALLOW
TRANSGENDER INDIVIDUALS TO SERVE
IN ANY CAPACITY IN THE MILITARY.
>> THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT
RELEASED A MEMO SAYING THE CIVIL
RIGHTS ACT DOES NOT PROTECT
TRANSGENDER PEOPLE FROM
DISCRIMINATION AT WORK.
>> THE BUREAU OF PRISONS ROLLED
BACK MEASURES THAT PREVENTED
TRANSGENDER PRISONERS FROM BEING
HARASSED, ASSAULTED OR SEXUALLY
ABUSED.
THE NEW RULES ADVISED THE USE OF
BIOLOGICAL SEX FOR DETERMINATION
ON WHERE TO PLACE TRANS INMATES.
SAMANTHA: IN LESS THAN TWO YEARS
THE TRUMP ADMINISTRATION HAS
MADE IT LESS SAFE TO BE TRANS AT
SCHOOL, AT WORK, AND IN THE
MILITARY.
AND IN PRISON.
THAT'S PRETTY MUCH ALL THE
PLACES.
THE GOOD NEWS IS THAT MIKE PENCE
IS THROWING YOUR BABY A
MANDATORY GENDER REVEAL PARTY.
MIKE POMPEO MUST HAVE TAKEN A
BREAK FROM BANNING DANCING FROM
YOUR TOWN BECAUSE HE FOUND TIME
TO MAKE THE LANGUAGE ON THE
STATE DEPARTMENT WEBSITE MORE
TRANSPHOBIC.
AND ALL THIS RHETORIC DOESN'T
JUST HURT TRANS PEOPLE WHEN THEY
INTERACT WITH THE STATE.
BELIEVE IT OR NOT, THE
GOVERNMENT TRYING TO ERASE YOU
LEGALLY HAS EMOTIONAL
CONSEQUENCES, AS WELL.
>> WHETHER OR NOT IT BECOMES THE
LAW OF THE LAND IS HAVING AN
IMPACT.
THERE ARE TRANS PEOPLE
STRUGGLING WITH THEIR
IDENTITIES, HAVEN'T COME OUT
YET, THINKING ABOUT WHETHER THIS
IS SOMETHING THEY CAN EVEN BRING
TO THEIR PARENTS, WHETHER
THEY'LL BE AT RISK OF BEING
THROWN OUT OF THE HOUSE, CUT OFF
FROM FINANCIAL SUPPORT, WHETHER
THEY CAN SURVIVE THIS INITIAL
DISCUSSION, WHEN THEY HEAR THIS
AT THE DINNER TABLE.
SAMANTHA: IF YOU'RE IN THAT
SITUATION, I AM SO SORRY.
PLEASE KNOW, IT'S NOT LIKE THAT
EVERYWHERE.
IF YOU WERE AT MY DINNER TABLE,
ALL WE'D BE TALKING ABOUT IS MY
SKIN TAGS.
YOU WOULD NOT BELIEVE WHERE I
HAVE THEM.
IT HAS NEVER BEEN EASY FOR TRANS
PEOPLE IN THIS COUNTRY BUT THEIR
LIVES HAVE GOTTEN MUCH WORSE
UNDER TRUMP.
BUT DESPITE ALL THE HATE THROWN
THEIR WAY, THEY'RE STILL
STANDING UP.
>> WE WON'T BE ERASED.
WE'RE GOING TO SAY LOUD AND
CLEAR TO THIS ADMINISTRATION
THAT WE ARE GOING NOWHERE.
THE LGBTQ COMMUNITY IS
CELEBRATING 50 YEARS NEXT YEAR
FROM STONEWALL.
WE HAVE A LONG HISTORY.
WE ARE GOING TO GET THROUGH
THIS.
SAMANTHA: YES, THEY WILL.
AND WE NEED TO STAND WITH THEM.
TRANSGENDER PEOPLE ARE REAL AND
NORMAL AND THEY DESERVE SO MUCH
MORE THAN THIS AND HEY, IF
DONALD TRUMP REALLY, REALLY
WANTS TO PRETEND LIKE SOMEONE
DOESN'T EXIST, PICK TED CRUZ.
THAT'S HOW I GET THROUGH THE
DAY.
WE'LL BE RIGHT BACK.
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
SAMANTHA: WELCOME BACK TO THE
SHOW.
THIS IS NOT AMERICA'S FINEST
HOUR IN TERMS OF HOW WE TREAT
TRANS PEOPLE, NOT THAT WE'VE HAD
MANY FINE HOURS.
SO FAR IT'S PRETTY MUCH JUST THE
PREMIERE OF "POSE," SIX EPISODES
OF "POSE" AND THE SEASON FINALE
OF "POSE."
HERE'S SOMETHING THAT MIGHT WARM
YOU UP A BIT.
>> WE HAVE 400 LGBTQ CANDIDATES
RUNNING FOR OFFICE ACROSS THE
BOARD.
>> THE BLUE WAVE.
IS A RAINBOW WAVE.
SAMANTHA: WHAT?
WAVES CAN BE BLUE AND A RAINBOW?
I SENT ASHLEY NICOLE BLACK TO
FIND OUT MORE.
ASHLEY: THIS MIDTERM SEASON, A
RAINBOW WAVE COULD WASH A GAGGLE
OF VILE BIGOTS OUT OF OFFICE,
AND LEADING THIS PACK OF
CANDIDATES, AMERICA HAS NOT SEEN
THIS BEFORE.
>> THANK YOU SO MUCH.
ASHLEY: IN VERMONT, FORMER
ELECTRIC CO-OP C.E.O., CHRISTINE
HALLQUIST, IS NOW THE FIRST
OPENLY TRANSGENDER PERSON TO WIN
A MAJOR PARTY'S NOMINATION FOR
GOVERNOR.
CHRISTINE HAS IT ALL.
A PROGRESSIVE PLATFORM, A WELL
RUN CAMPAIGN.
IT'S ONLY A MATTER OF TIME
BEFORE SHE HAS HER OWN OSCAR
WINNING BIOPIC.
AND THAT TIME IS NOW.
LAST WEEK I CROWD-FUNDED THE
MONEY FROM SAM'S WALLET TO HEAD
TO VERMONT AND MAKE A HEROIC
PROFILE TO HELP CHRISTINE WIN ME
AN OSCAR.
I'M HERE TO MAKE, LIKE, A
BEAUTIFUL OSCAR WINNING FILM
ABOUT A WOMAN WHO'S JUST BECOME
LIKE A CHAMPION FOR THE PEOPLE.
>> OK, SURE.
ASHLEY: A LOT OF THE NEWS
COVERAGE OF YOUR CAMPAIGN HAS
FOCUSED ON YOUR GENDER IDENTITY.
>> VERMONTERS DON'T REALLY CARE
ABOUT MY GENDER.
THEY REALLY CARE ABOUT THE
ISSUES.
ASHLEY: THESE VOTERS CONFIRMED,
CHRISTINE'S GENDER WAS THE LAST
THING ON THEIR MIND.
>> IT DOESN'T EVEN COME UP.
>> THE FACT SHE'S TRANSGENDER
HAS VERY, VERY, VERY LITTLE TO
DO WITH WHY PEOPLE ARE OR ARE
NOT VOTING FOR HER.
ASHLEY: IT'S ABSURD THAT AS
CHRISTINE CAMPAIGNS TO QUITE
POSSIBLY BE THE NEXT GOVERNOR OF
VERMONT, THIS ASSHOLE IS TRYING
TO DEFINE HER OUT OF EXISTENCE.
BUT WHILE OUR COUNTRY'S POLICIES
REMAIN A DEHUMANIZING UNKNOWN,
CHRISTINE IS STAYING FOCUSED ON
WHAT SHE CAN DO FOR HER STATE.
>> THE INTERNET IS PRETTY BAD.
WE HAVE THIS ROTTING COPPER
INFRASTRUCTURE THAT'S WHOLLY
INADEQUATE TO RUN BUSINESS ON.
ASHLEY: VERMONT SOUNDS LIKE MY
IDEA OF PARADISE, A BUNCH OF
PEOPLE WHO ARE NICE, WHO DON'T
HAVE THE INTERNET.
>> I'VE ALWAYS SAID TECHNOLOGY
SHOULD BE USED TO ENHANCE THE
HUMAN RELATIONSHIP.
ASHLEY: LIKE TINDER.
>> I DON'T KNOW WHAT THAT MEANS.
ASHLEY: IS INTERNET ACCESS
REALLY A CAMPAIGN WINNING ISSUE?
WHAT ABOUT KAVANAUGH OR KANYE
OR KNEELING?
WHAT WAS YOUR TOP ISSUE WHEN YOU
WERE DECIDING TO VOTE FOR
CHRISTINE?
>> BROADBAND.
IT'S NOT EVEN FUNCTIONAL TO RUN
A BUSINESS.
>> BROADBAND DOES NOT REACH MOST
RESIDENCES.
ASHLEY: SINCE I HAVE BEEN HERE,
EVERYONE SEEMS, ONE, VERY NICE.
TWO, VERY WELL INFORMED.
MAYBE YOU GUYS SHOULD NOT GET
INTERNET.
>> IT'S A TECHNOLOGY THAT ALLOWS
YOU TO WORK EFFECTIVELY AND BE
PART OF VERMONT.
ASHLEY: I CAN MOVE HERE AND IF
THERE WAS INTERNET, I COULD BE A
CAM GIRL.
>> WHAT'S A CAM GIRL?
ASHLEY: I'M NOT GOING TO TELL
YOU.
THESE WERE FOCUSED, ENGAGED
CITIZENS ALIGNING WITH
CANDIDATES WHO BEST FIT THEIR
IDEALS WHICH GAVE ME HOPE FOR
OUR DEMOCRACY, BUT NOT FOR MY
OSCAR CHANCES.
THERE'S GOT TO BE A COMPELLING
VILLAIN SOMEWHERE.
MAYBE CHRISTINE'S OPPONENT,
INCUMBENT REPUBLICAN AND WHITE
MAN, PHIL SCOTT.
>> WE'RE VERY RESPECTFUL OF EACH
OTHER.
ASHLEY: COME ON!
>> WE HAVE BEEN VERY FOCUSED ON
THE ISSUES.
ASHLEY: BUT ONE OF YOU IS A
REPUBLICAN AND ONE IS A
DEMOCRAT.
>> WE HAVE DIFFERENCES IN HOW WE
THINK BUT THAT DOESN'T MEAN WE
DISLIKE EACH OTHER.
ASHLEY: IS VERMONT EVEN IN
AMERICA!
HAS PHIL SENT YOU NASTY EMAILS
AND YOU HAVEN'T GOTTEN THEM YET
BECAUSE THE INTERNET IS SO BAD?
THIS MOVIE, I MEAN CAMPAIGN, HAD
LITERALLY NO VILLAINS, JUST
RESPECTFUL DISCOURSE BETWEEN TWO
PEOPLE WITH OPPOSING VIEWS.
>> WE HAVE AN UNDERBELLY OF
RACISM AND I THINK THIS GETS
BACK TO THE ELECTION OF DONALD
TRUMP.
HE'S KIND OF LEGITIMIZED
BIGOTRY.
ASHLEY:WHAT CAN A GOVERNOR DO
TO FIGHT THAT?
>> ONE OF THE MOST IMPORTANT
THINGS WE CAN DO IS START
FOCUSING ON DIVERSITY, DIRECTING
TOURIST DOLLARS TO BRING IN MORE
PEOPLE OF COLOR TO OUR STATE.
ASHLEY: BLACK PEOPLE LIKE TO
VACATION SOMEWHERE WARM.
COULD YOU BUILD AN INDOOR WATER
PARK?
>> WE HAVE INDOOR WATER PARKS!
ASHLEY:OK, BECAUSE PEOPLE KEEP
TRYING TO TELL ME TO LOOK AT A
LEAF.
NO ONE TOLD ME THERE WAS A WATER
PARK!
EVEN THOUGH I WAS AN OUTSIDER, I
WAS WELCOMED BY EVERYONE.
ONE OF CHRISTINE'S PLATFORMS IS
TO BRING MORE DIVERSITY INTO THE
STATE.
ARE YOU INTO THAT?
>> AMEN.
>> THANK GOODNESS.
>> I WISH WE HAD MORE DIVERSITY.
ASHLEY: YOU HAVE THE MOST
DIVERSITY CRAVING WHITE PEOPLE
I'VE EVER MET.
VERMONTERS ARE KIND,
OPEN-MINDED, SUPER WELL
INFORMED.
THIS MOVIE WASN'T EVEN GOING TO
WIN A DAYTIME EMMY.
I WAS LOOKING TO MAKE A MOVIE
ABOUT LIKE A VERY COOL
TRANS-WOMAN OVERCOMING THE ODDS
AND NOW I GUESS MY MOVIE IS
ABOUT A NERD BRINGING THE
INTERNET TO VERMONT.
>> I LIKE THE SOUND OF THAT
BETTER.
ASHLEY: I GUESS CHRISTINE'S WAY
IS BETTER IF YOU WANT TO WIN A
POLITICAL CAMPAIGN AND ACTUALLY
HELP PEOPLE.
>> WE DON'T NEED HEROES.
WE NEED PEOPLE THAT ARE WILLING
TO GET DOWN AND DO THE DIRTY
WORK, KNOCKING ON DOORS, CALLING
PEOPLE.
WE'RE HAVING A PASTA DINNER
TONIGHT, YOU COULD JOIN US FOR
THAT.
ASHLEY: IS THERE BOTTLE SERVICE?
>> I DON'T KNOW WHAT THAT IS.
ASHLEY: WHO ARE YOU, CHRISTINE!
I DECIDED TO TRY THINGS HER WAY
SO I KNOCKED ON SOME DOORS.
WE OPEN ON A BEAUTIFUL BLACK
WOMAN NAMED ASHLEY, THAT'S ME.
AND DID SOME PHONE BANKING.
HOW TALL ARE YOU?
CHRISTINE NEEDS TO KNOW ALL OF
THIS.
THIS IS FOR HER.
I REALIZED WHILE I WAS LOOKING
FOR A VILLAIN FOR MY MOVIE, IT
TURNS OUT, SHYAMALAN TWIST, THE
VILLAIN WAS ME.
I WAS TRYING TO MAKE CHRISTINE
FIT INTO MY STORY BUT HERS IS
WAY BETTER.
AN EXPERIENCED POLICY WONK
WORKING WITH HER COMMUNITY TO
PROTECT THEIR MOST VULNERABLE
EVEN IF WASHINGTON WON'T BUT BY
THE TIME I LEARNED THAT, I'D
ENTERED THIS INTO SUNDANCE.
>> COMING SOON, A MOVIE ABOUT AN
INSPIRING WOMAN WHO MEETS
ANOTHER EQUALLY INSPIRING WOMAN.
>> BOTTLE SERVICE IS WHEN YOU
PAY $600 TO MAKE YOUR OWN DRINK.
>> THAT'S SO STUPID.
>> ALEXANDRA BILLINGS IS
CHRISTINE HALLQUIST.
>> WE NEED THE INTERNET!
>> I NEED TWO EGOTS.
>> YOU CAN'T HANDLE THE EGOT!
>> ASHLEY NICOLE BLACK IS ASHLEY
NICOLE BLACK.
THIS OSCAR SEASON, SOME HEROS DO
WEAR CAPES.
ASHLEY: SO AFTER THIS WE HAVE
JUST THE DANCE NUMBER.
>> I CAN'T DO THIS ANYMORE.
WE'RE FINISHED HERE.
I'M GOING TO GET PEOPLE TO VOTE.
GET THEM TO REGISTER.
I'VE HAD IT.
ASHLEY: WOW.
I HOPE YOU'RE THINKING OF MY
OSCAR SPEECH.
SAMANTHA: WE'LL BE RIGHT B
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
SAMANTHA: WELCOME BACK TO THE
SHOW.
TONIGHT'S "THIS IS NOT A GAME:
THE GAME" IS ABOUT THE RAINBOW
WAVE AND IF YOU'RE WATCHING ON
THE EAST COAST, IT STARTS RIGHT
NOW.
SO GOOGLE AWESOME GAY PEOPLE
QUICK.
YOU CAN DOWNLOAD BY TEXTING PLAY
TO 40649 OR AT ONE OF THE GOOGLE
PLAY APP STORES.
THE ANSWER TO ONE OF THE
QUESTIONS IS B.
GOOD NIGHT, EVERYONE!
♪